README.md, before:

Smart File Organizer
A modern, intuitive desktop application built with Java and JavaFX that automatically organizes files in any folder based on a set of predefined rules. This tool helps keep your digital workspace tidy by moving files like PDFs, images, and installers into designated subfolders.

Note: You will need to take a screenshot of your final application and replace the URL above.

✨ Features
Intuitive UI: A clean, modern user interface designed for ease of use.

Select & Go: Simply select any folder on your computer to start the organization process.

In-Place Organization: Creates organized subfolders (PDFs, Images, Documents, etc.) directly within the folder you select.

Real-Time Feedback: A progress window appears during operation, letting you know the process is working.

Automatic Navigation: Once complete, the application automatically opens the organized folder for you to view the results.

Recent History: The app keeps a running list of the folders you've recently organized for quick reference.

🛠️ Built With
Java: Core application logic.

JavaFX: For the modern graphical user interface.

CSS: For styling the application to create a professional look and feel.

🚀 How to Run
Prerequisites:

Java Runtime Environment (JRE) 21 or later.

JavaFX SDK 21 or later.

Clone the repository:

git clone https://github.com/your-username/SmartFileOrganizer.git

Navigate to the project directory:

cd SmartFileOrganizer

Run the application:
(You will need to provide the path to your JavaFX SDK's lib folder)

java --module-path /path/to/your/javafx-sdk-21/lib --add-modules javafx.controls,javafx.fxml -jar SmartFileOrganizer.jar

Commit message:

Docs: Update run instructions for Windows

README.md, after:

Smart File Organizer
A modern, intuitive desktop application built with Java and JavaFX that automatically organizes files in any folder based on a set of predefined rules. This tool helps keep your digital workspace tidy by moving files like PDFs, images, and installers into designated subfolders.

Note: You will need to take a screenshot of your final application and replace the URL above.

✨ Features
Intuitive UI: A clean, modern user interface designed for ease of use.

Select & Go: Simply select any folder on your computer to start the organization process.

In-Place Organization: Creates organized subfolders (PDFs, Images, Documents, etc.) directly within the folder you select.

Real-Time Feedback: A progress window appears during operation, letting you know the process is working.

Automatic Navigation: Once complete, the application automatically opens the organized folder for you to view the results.

Recent History: The app keeps a running list of the folders you've recently organized for quick reference.

🛠️ Built With
Java: Core application logic.

JavaFX: For the modern graphical user interface.

CSS: For styling the application to create a professional look and feel.

🚀 How to Run
Prerequisites:

Java Runtime Environment (JRE) 21 or later installed on your system.

Go to the Releases section of this repository.

Download both the SmartFileOrganizer.jar and the run.bat files from the latest release.

Place both files in the same folder on your computer.

Double-click run.bat to start the application.

(Note: The run.bat script assumes your JavaFX SDK is located at C:\Program Files\Java\openjfx-21.0.8_windows-x64_bin-sdk. If you have it in a different location, you will need to right-click and edit the run.bat file to update the path.)
